README.md, before:

# Getting started with Sonic Pi

Sonic Pi is an open source programming environment, designed for creating new sounds with code in a live coding environment; it was developed by Dr Sam Aaron. This resource will help get you started with the basics of Sonic Pi.

## Requirements

As well as a Raspberry Pi with an SD card loaded with Raspbian, you'll also need:

### Hardware

- 1 x Speaker or headphones with a 3.5mm jack

### Software

- Sonic Pi v2

See more information on checking you have the software installed, and how to install it, on the [software installation](software.md) page.

## Worksheet

You will need the following worksheet to get started:

- [The worksheet](worksheet.md)
- [The second worksheet](worksheet-2.md)

## Learn more

This worksheet is just a starting point. To learn more read [Sam Aaron's MagPi article about Sonic Pi v2.0 here](http://issuu.com/themagpi/docs/issue23final/1) Pages 44-47.

## Licence

Unless otherwise specified, everything in this repository is covered by the following licence:

[![Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Licence](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

***Getting Started with Sonic Pi v2.0*** by [Sam Aaron](https://github.com/samaaron) and the [Raspberry Pi Foundation](http://www.raspberrypi.org) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Licence](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Based on a work at https://github.com/raspberrypilearning/sonic-pi-2-taster

Commit message:

Work through and update resource.

README.md, after:

# Getting started with Sonic Pi

Sonic Pi is an open source programming environment, designed for
creating new sounds with code in a live coding environment; it was
developed by Dr Sam Aaron. This resource will help get you started with
the basics of Sonic Pi.

## Requirements

As well as a Raspberry Pi with an SD card loaded with Raspbian, you'll also need:

### Hardware

- 1 x Speaker or headphones with a 3.5mm jack

### Software

- Sonic Pi v2

See more information on checking you have the software installed, and how to install it, on the [software installation](software.md) page.

## Worksheet

You will need the following worksheet to get started:

- [The worksheet](worksheet.md)
- [The second worksheet](worksheet-2.md)

## Learn more

This worksheet is just a starting point. To learn more read
[Sam Aaron's MagPi article about Sonic Pi v2.0 here](http://issuu.com/themagpi/docs/issue23final/1)
Pages 44-47. Also, work through the full tutorial built into Sonic Pi
itself. Simply click **Help** and look at the **Tutorial** tab.

## Licence

Unless otherwise specified, everything in this repository is covered by the following licence:

[![Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Licence](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-sa/4.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

***Getting Started with Sonic Pi v2.0*** by [Sam Aaron](https://github.com/samaaron) and the [Raspberry Pi Foundation](http://www.raspberrypi.org) is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Licence](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/).

Based on a work at https://github.com/raspberrypilearning/sonic-pi-2-taster
